[chore] Add post-merge cleanup hint + clarify pr-review stale-SHA recovery (#263)
lugassawan/swe-workbench: commands/implement.md

Dispatch both reviewers: `superpowers:code-reviewer` (plan-alignment) and the `reviewer` subagent (diff correctness/security/design). Do not advance to Phase 5 until review passes clean or all raised issues are resolved.

**Phase 5 — Deliver**

> Use the PR template path recorded in Project Detection: pass it to `gh pr create --body-file <path>` and substitute the `Closes #` placeholder (with `Closes #123` or `Issue: N/A — <reason>`) before invoking. Only emit the heredoc body shown in Phase 5 of `templates/plan-workflow-section.md` if no template was found — do not re-invoke the template skill as a fallback. Then invoke `swe-workbench:workflow-commit-and-pr` to complete the delivery. After the PR merges, run `/swe-workbench:cleanup-merged <N>` to remove the worktree and local + remote branch.

Author: **Low — timing signal could be clearer**

The sentence "After the PR merges, run `/swe-workbench:cleanup-merged <N>`…" is appended directly to the Phase 5 delivery instructions, which describe opening the PR — not confirming it has been merged. A reader following the document linearly could interpret this as an immediate next step in the same agent session, when in practice the PR merge is an asynchronous event (CI, reviewer approval, squash-merge) that happens outside the session. The `workflow-cleanup-merged` skill enforces "Never auto-trigger — cleanup is user-initiated", so no incorrect behavior will occur, but the timing signal is slightly ambiguous.

**Suggested fix:**

```suggestion
After the PR is merged (by you or a reviewer), run `/swe-workbench:cleanup-merged <N>` to remove the worktree and local + remote branch.
```

Author: Addressed in 3b4c1e6: tightened timing signal to 'After the PR is merged (by you or a reviewer)…' to make clear this is an async post-session step.
